ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-linux-docker-guacamole
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-linux-docker-logging
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-all-base
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-all-cleanup
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-base
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-ddc-inst
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-ddc-license
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-ddc-site-create
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-ddc-site-hydrate
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-ddc-sqlexpress
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-rdsh-conf
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-rdsh-vda-inst
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-storefront-conf
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-citrix-storefront-inst
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-computerobjects-manage
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-conf
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-gpo-bind
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-gpo-import
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-groups-create
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-inst
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-ous-create
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-users-create
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ad-users-manage
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-base
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ca-conf
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-ca-inst
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-dc-dns-manage
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-domainjoin
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-sw-chocolatey
ansible-galaxy init ansible-role-win-updates
